GETKEYSANDFLAGS sub-command, new module apis, and key-spec flags changes (#1784)
redis/redis-doc: topics/key-specs.md

the only commands with _incomplete_ key specifications are `SORT` and `MIGRATE`.
We don't expect the addition of such commands in the future.

### variable_flags

> In some commands the flags for the same key name argument can depend on other arguments.
> For example the SET command has a GET argument, without the GET argument, SET is a write-only command, but with it, it becomes read+write.
> When this flag is present, it means that the flags in the key-spec will cover all options, but depending on some arguments, some flags can be removed or changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some commands, the flags for the same key name argument can depend on other arguments.
For example, consider the `SET` command and its optional  _GET_ argument.
Without the _GET_ argument, `SET` is write-only, but it becomes a read and write command with it.
When this flag is present, it means that the key specification flags cover all possible options, but the effective flags depend on other arguments.
```
